Gravy 2020 Summer Menu


Name - Gravy Old Fashioned

2 oz - Basil Hayden Bourbon
1/2 oz - Agave
2 dashes - Ango. Biters

mode - stirred
glass - rocks
garnsih - lemon zest, luxardo marashcino cherry

description - squeeze agave into julep glass, dash bitters and pour bourbon, stir for about 30 seconds (not much for small ice) pour in to glass, add ice. peel lemon and season rim


Name - Mulo Dulce

1/2 oz - Lime
3/4 oz - Honey Sage Syrup
1.5 oz - Makers Mark Bourbon
top - ginger ale

mode - built
glass - rocks
garnish - lime wedge \\ sage leaf

description - pour honey sage syrup, lime and bourbon into rocks glass, fill with ice and then ginger ale. Express sage leaf and serve with lime and stir straws


Name - Sangria

1/2 glass - sangria
1 scoop - fruit
top - soda water

mode - built
glass - wine
garnish - fruit

description - pour sangria into wine glass, scoop fruit then add ice and top w/ soda water. serve with stir straws


Name - Sutlers Lavender Collins

1/2 oz - lavender syrup
1/2 oz - lemon juice 
1.5 oz - sutlers gin
top - soda water 

mode - built
glass - collins 
garnish - lemon wheel, lavender buds

description - pour lavender syrup, lemon and gin in to collins glass, fill with ice and soda water. garnish with lemon wheel and lav. buds. Serve with straw


Name - Cucumber Mule

1.5 oz - Effen Vodka
.5 oz - lime juice
top - blenhiems gingerale

mode - built
glass - copper mug
garnish - cucumber, lime wedge

description - pour vodka and lime juice into mug, fill with ice and blenhiems. Add lime and cucumber garnish, serve w/ stir straw.


Name - Aperol Spritz

1.5 oz - Aperol
2 oz - proseco
top - soda water

mode - built 
glass - wine glass
garnish - orange zest

description - pour aperol in to glass, pour proseco, fill w/ ice and soda water. peel orange and season rim. serve w/ stir straw.

 
Name - Raspberry Lemoncello Martini

1.5 oz - limencello
1.5 oz - raspberry schnapps
.75 oz - lemon
splash - soda water

mode - shaken
glass - martini glass
garnish - lemon glass

description - pour schnapps, lemon and limencello into shaker and shake until tin is lightly frosted. strain in to glass, add splash of soda amd garnish with lemon wheel


Name - Practice What You Peach

1.5 oz - makers mark bourbon
.5oz - Peach Schnapps
.5 oz - Peach puree
2 oz - Triple Citrus-aide

mode - shaken
glass - Rocks
garnish - peach slice

description - mix all ingredients in tin, add ice and shake. fine strain ingredients in to rocks glass, add ice and garnish.